<html>
<head>
  <title>Overview</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/highlight.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div class="section">
  <h2>Overview</h2>
  <p>Provides Spring and Spring Boot obfuscation support.</p>
  <p>Add <a href="obfuscation-spring-boot-starter/dependency-info.html">obfuscation-spring-boot-starter</a> as a dependency to your project to get the following:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Autowire support for <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-core/apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/Obfuscator.html">Obfuscator</a>.<br />
        Instances of <tt>Obfuscator</tt> can be autowired in two ways:
      <ul>
        <li>Annotate an autowired field, constructor argument or method argument with any of the obfuscator annotations of <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-annotations">obfuscation-annotations</a>, and an instance of the matching obfuscator will be autowired.</li>
        <li>With no obfuscator annotation present, a default obfuscator is used.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Autowire support for <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-core/apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/Obfuscated.html">Obfuscated</a>.<br />
        Declaring an autowired field, constructor argument or method argument as <tt>Obfuscated</tt> will automatically wrap the autowired field or argument. This supports both autowired values and beans.<br />
        The obfuscator to use is determined in one of two ways:
      <ul>
        <li>Annotate the field or argument with any of the obfuscator annotations of <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-annotations">obfuscation-annotations</a> to use the matching obfuscation rules.</li>
        <li>With no obfuscator annotation present, a default obfuscator is used.</li>
      </ul>
      The character representation can be specified using <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-annotations/apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/annotation/RepresentedBy.html">@RepresentedBy</a>. If this annotation is not present, the <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-annotations/apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/annotation/CharacterRepresentationProvider.html#getDefaultInstance-java.lang.Class-">default character representation</a> is used.
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Examples:</p>
  <pre class="source prettyprint">
@Autowired
@ObfuscateFixedLength(8)
private Obfuscator obfuscator;

@Autowired
private Obfuscator defaultObfuscator;

@Value("${property}")
@ObfuscateFixedLength(8)
private Obfuscated&lt;String&gt; obfuscatedValue;

@Autowired
@ObfuscateFixedLength(8)
@RepresentedBy(MyCharacterRepresentation.class)
private Obfuscated&lt;MyBean&gt; obfuscatedBean;</pre>

  <h3>Default obfuscator</h3>
  <p>Out-of-the-box, the default obfuscator is <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-core/apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/Obfuscator.html#fixedLength-int-">Obfuscator.fixedLength(3)</a>. This can be overridden in two ways:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Provide a custom bean of type <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-core/apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/Obfuscator.html">Obfuscator</a>.</li>
    <li>Define the default obfuscator in the application properties. See <a href="properties.html">Properties</a> for more information.</li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Vanilla Spring</h3>
  <p>The above only works when using <tt>obfuscation-spring-boot-starter</tt>. To add obfuscation support to vanilla Spring:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Add <a href="obfuscation-spring-beans/dependency-info.html">obfuscation-spring-beans</a> as a dependency to your project instead of <tt>obfuscation-spring-boot-starter</tt>.</li>
    <li>Provide a bean of type <a href="apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/spring/ObfuscatorSupportBeanFactoryPostProcessor.html">ObfuscatorSupportBeanFactoryPostProcessor</a> to allow <tt>Obfuscator</tt> to be autowired as above.</li>
    <li>Provide a bean of type <a href="apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/spring/ObfuscatedSupportBeanFactoryPostProcessor.html">ObfuscatedSupportBeanFactoryPostProcessor</a> to allow <tt>Obfuscated</tt> to be autowired as above.</li>
    <li>Optionally provide a custom bean of type <a href="https://robtimus.github.io/obfuscation-core/apidocs/com/github/robtimus/obfuscation/Obfuscator.html">Obfuscator</a> to override the default <tt>Obfuscator</tt>.</li>
  </ul>
</div>
</body>
</html>
